Sheena Requirement Doc
1.	Flashy/ attractive website that catches immediate attention
2.	3 modes of access -
a.	External User  - anyone can create login/password to setup the profile for payment, booking etc.
b.	Partners - the partners working with Shenna can login and setup their profile to do business with Sheena
c.	Shenna Admin - to make changes to partners or users
d.	
External User Workflow
e.	User comes to website, clicks on find Henna Artists
f.	The search criteria can be address or zip code with option to chose 5/10/25 miles radius
g.	The search query should return the henna artist names per the query, no contact number, just name and customer star ratings; the artist names will also not be the real names, it might be just for the website assigned by Shenna Admin (to prevent users reaching to the artist directly)
h.	User selects the artist
i.	User selects the time slot
j.	User selects the package - all the henna to be done or the hours the artist needed
k.	User pays for the service using credit card, paypal, etc
l.	User gets confirmation of the purchase
m.	Artist gets email, confirms the timing
n.	User gets confirmation of the artist availability for the selected slot, then the deal becomes final.
o.	Artist serves the user, completes the task using app or website
p.	User gets satisfaction survey to enter the rating and comments 
Partner workflow
	Partners will be recruited after carefully screening their work and contract sign with all the details to setup account.
1.	Admin enters the detail for a partner (name, address, phone, account for financial transaction etc)
2.	There will be a name given by admin which maps 1:1 with the real user name
3.	Partner gets email to setup the profile with login/password
4.	Partner should have all the transaction details for the services he/she has done and amount of money made

Country specific pricing model
	The App will be launched in India and US in the initial phases and the DB schema must be designed towards pricing model which might varies from country to country

